Hektor(1) -- Hughesnet 'fair access policy' usage calculator
============================================================

## SYNOPSIS

`hektor` [_COMMAND_=remaining] [_ARGS_]

## DESCRIPTION

`Hektor` calculates 'fair access policy' usage based on periodically recorded
usage 'snapshots.' Each snapshot contains usage numbers extracted from the modem
and the time it was recorded. Using a list of these snapshots, `hektor` can
calculate a rolling usage calculation based on the amount of data transferred
and refilled between each.

## COMMANDS

Partial command names are accepted for convenience; each command below shows its
shortest accepted form as the text (or single letter) before the bar (|). In
other words, '`hektor s`' and '`hektor st`' are equivalent to '`hektor stats`'.

 - `rem|aining`:
   Show the amount of megabytes remaining before the FAP is activated.

 - `rec|ord`:
   Record a new snapshot.

 - `d|rop` [_AMOUNT_=1]:
   Remove a certain AMOUNT of newly-recorded snapshots.

 - `s|tats`:
   Display snapshot statistics.

 - `l|ist`:
   Display a detailed listing of snapshots.

## SNAPSHOTS

For greatest accuracy, snapshots should be recorded no more than ten minutes
apart. A `cron daemon` can be used to automate that task, since its purpose is
to do such periodic work. With `fcron`, an entry like the following will record
a new snapshot every five minutes (or 300 seconds):

  @ 300s hektor record

## TYPICAL USAGE

Periodically check the remaining usage:

  $ hektor
  170.01 megabytes are remaining.

and periodically record new snapshots:

  $ hektor rec
  Snapshot #145 was recorded.
  190.42 megabytes are remaining.
